Remove annotations module (#6524)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/modules/screencapture.md

- [Animator](https://github.com/SlicerMorph/SlicerMorph/tree/master/Docs/Animator#readme) module in [SlicerMorph extension](https://slicermorph.github.io/) allows creating more complex animations, such as cutting through a volume (by changing region of interest), adjusting volume rendering transfer functions, or exploding view of complex model assembly.
- [Scene Views](sceneviews.md) module can create snapshot of the entire scene content along with a screenshot, which are all saved in the scene.

> - Capture Toolbar allows creation simple screenshots that are saved in the scene. The feature may be removed in the future. Screen Capture module's "Output volume node" feature can be used for saving screenshots in the scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Capture Toolbar creates simple screenshots that are saved in the scene. The feature may be removed in the future. The Screen Capture module includes an "Output volume node" feature that can be used for saving screenshots in the scene.
```
